lost inheritance larry's granddad was a
wealthy man
who loved playing pranks on his
relatives that's why
when he passed away no one could find
his will
but one day five years later larry was
looking through some old papers
suddenly his breath caught in his throat
the document he was holding was his
granddad's will
it read i hid all my money and other
valuables at 2pm sharp
under my favorite cherry tree right
where its shadow ends
the one who digs it out will be my heir
larry was ecstatic he was going to be
rich he drove to his granddad's villa
and found the cherry tree he waited for
an hour or so
until 2pm and started to dig but
try as he might his efforts didn't pay
off
confused and upset he had to return home
why didn't he find anything
[Music]
it's been several years since the
granddad hit his valuables
the tree has grown taller and its shadow
has become
longer too
a smart investigator a man
living in a small village in the
mountains got his goat stolen
he was sure one of his neighbors was
behind this crime
the head of the village invited four
suspects and said
i'm going to give each of you a magic
stick
bring them to me in the morning by that
time the thief's stick
will have grown by five inches the next
day the head of the village examined the
suspect's stick
he immediately knew who had taken the
goat
how
[Music]
the thief stick was five inches shorter
than those of the rest
he had broken it expecting it to grow
longer during the night
a realization three friends fell asleep
under a tree in the countryside
while they were resting a boy painted
mustaches on their faces
once the men woke up they started to
laugh
but then all of a sudden they stopped
[Music]
why
at first they saw the mustaches on their
friends faces
and found it funny but then they
realized their friends were laughing too
it meant they had mustaches on their
faces as well
[Music]
an apple riddle eric was locked in a
room with 19 other people
each of them could see the entire room
and all the people inside
without turning their head or body or
moving in any other way
to get out of the room eric had to place
an apple in such a way
that everyone but one person could see
it
the guy managed to do it how
he put the apple on one person's head
[Music]
a weird choice every day
mark rides his bike to the railway
station to get to the college
there are two stops near his home one
one mile away from his house and the
other two miles away
in the opposite direction in the morning
he
always gets on the train at the first
stop and in the afternoon he gets off at
the second
[Music]
why
mark's home and the stations are on the
hill and this method
allows the guy to ride his bike down
without any effort
a draw two teams were playing soccer
against each other
each of them scored two goals in total
and still
it wasn't a tie since one team won and
the other lost
how come
[Applause]
one of the teams scored an own goal
time travel an inventor has created a
time machine
he's packed enough food water and other
necessities
and is now ready to test his invention
he sets the timer to go
500 years back into the past the man is
about to press the start button
when a thought comes to his mind he
slaps his forehead
takes the time machine and his supplies
and goes downstairs
what for
this way he'll avoid a nasty fall
multi-story buildings were rare
five centuries ago
a money problem a notorious
criminal caught rich businessman brian
and locked him in a room
i won't let you go until you double the
money i leave for you
and the criminal put 5000 bucks on the
table
by the time he returned brian had
already doubled the money
he hadn't left the room or communicated
with anyone
then how did he do it
[Music]
he put the money in front of the mirror
wishes amanda was walking along the
beach one day
and found a glass bottom the thing
looked ancient
and the girl had to put a lot of effort
into opening it
to her shock guess what a genie appeared
from the bottle
i'll grant you three wishes but there's
one condition
you can't wish for more wishes
amanda agreed and still managed to get
more wishes
how did she do it
she started with wishing that the genie
allowed her to ask for more wishes
strange reaction two british women
wanted to lose weight
they went to the gym ate healthfully and
drank a lot of water
in two weeks both of them lost 10 pounds
but one woman was happy and the other
upset
[Music]
why
the first woman lost weight and the
second
10 pounds in uk money
11. how did she survive
melissa stayed late at work one evening
when she was walking home
it was already dark suddenly she noticed
a group of people
they were moving in the strange jerky
way closer and closer
with growing horror melissa realized the
approaching people were actually
zombies in a moment she got surrounded
then darkness and still the next day
the girl was in the kitchen making
herself a vegetable salad
how is it possible
look at the date it's november 1st it
was halloween the day before
and zombies were just some dressed up
guys
beach volleyball andrew and his friend
kenneth
went to the beach to have some fun
andrew started to play volleyball with
gary
a guy they met there after the game was
over
andrew went to a beach bar and ordered a
lemonade
but after drinking it he almost
immediately felt
sick and lost consciousness kenneth
called an ambulance
and his friend was taken to a hospital
there it was discovered
andrew had been poisoned the police
questioned the suspects
kenneth said i'm sure the bar man put
something in andrew's drink
the barman exclaimed why would i poison
my customer
it was probably the guy he played
volleyball with he lost the game and
wanted to get revenge
gary said after we finished playing i
went to swim in the sea
i didn't even notice andrew had been
taken away
who poisoned andrew
[Music]
it was the bar man he lied about gary
losing the game to frame the guy
a teacher's riddle a student had failed
his test
and came to his teacher asking how he
could improve his marks
the teacher replied if you manage to
solve my riddle
i'll give you a better mark you have a
cardboard box
it's easier to lift from a wooden floor
than from a steel table
what's in the box the student thought
for a while
and answered correctly what did he say
[Music]
the box is filled with magnets
a missing model ashley was a popular
fashion model
on friday she had to open a show but 10
minutes before the event
she vanished several witnesses claimed
the girl had been taken away in a black
car
the police questioned four suspects
betty
ashley's colleague said i felt sleepy
before the show
i made myself a cup of coffee and was
drinking it when ashley disappeared
kevin the manager told the detective
some equipment had been broken
he was trying to solve this problem paul
the hair stylist
explained that he had been refreshing
the model's makeup
and donna the designer said she had only
come
several minutes before the show who is
behind
ashley's disappearance
it's paul he's a hair stylist and they
don't deal with makeup
plus there are no beauty products at a
station
in disguise a feared criminal
managed to escape from the police he got
a job
in a wealthy mansion when the detectives
arrived there
they found out three men had been hired
recently
they questioned each of them michael the
cook
told the police he had been working in a
restaurant before
but then the restaurant went out of
business and he found a new job
[Music]
john the gardener answered he had always
been interested in plants
after finishing garden design courses he
landed this job
robert the security guard said his
father was the house owner's friend
he helped robert to get his position
who's the criminal
[Music]
it's the cook before the police came
he'd been trying to make an omelette
but look it's full of eggshells a real
cook would never make such a mistake
a train mystery it's something that
comes with a train
leaves with a train but is no use to a
train
and yet no train can go without it what
is it
[Music]
it's noise yeah really